Adding DIRECTORY_PATH instructions in README.md (#311)
dependabot/dependabot-script: README.md

* Set in the schedule the required variables:
  * `PROJECT_PATH`: `group/repository`
  * `PACKAGE_MANAGER_SET`: `bundler,composer,npm_and_yarn`

> * If you'd like to specify the directory that contains the package list in the repository, you can set the following environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you'd like to specify the directory that contains the manifest file in the repository, you can set the following environment variable:
```

Author: Thank you. I've changed the wording as suggested.
